<!---
GDESR005/GDESR005 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
In search of the American Dream, as a recently graduated University of Manitoba Geological Engineer, I ventured out to the oilfields of Oklahoma’s panhandle. Thus began my career, a travelling man, nearly a quarter century ago. Early exposure to industry leading technology implementations fueled my desire to formulate, implement, and enable technological business disruptions and advancements while simultaneously feeding my intrinsic and engrained nature to solve problems. Be it wireless e911 mandates post the 9/11 tragedy, the 1st ever business-class Voice Over IP service offering, evolution of the utility industries from electro-mechanical measurement devices to solid state ‘smart’ endpoints, or uncovering predictive insights from petabytes of data in milliseconds, I get engaged with, and work to understand, the underlying technology and the problems they solve coupled with the business values they bring. In 2009 I received my Master of Business Administration, with honors, from Drexel University, was invited and accepted lifetime membership into the Beta Gamma Sigma Honor society, and also accomplished a Certificate in Corporate Leadership and Strategy from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Currently, as the Co-Founder and Managing Member of Smart Grid Ventures, LLC, I support clients through consulting assignments and oversee the operation and day-to-day management of Smart Grid Ventures - a growing consulting and analytics business. I now strive to transform myself from a business practitioner to an engaged practitioner-scholar through Florida International University’s Doctor of Business Administration program. While I had no idea the journey would culminate in allowing me to help my employees, mentees, and clients achieve tangible results with meaningful business value, I’ve held fast that through understanding, listening, good ol’ fashioned hard work, and by following a moral compass - success ensues. I truly enjoy solving complex business problems and have fun while doing it!! I am happiest, however, spending quality time with my wife, our two lovely daughters, and our family's two rescue dogs.
